Q: Is the same aircraft used for every flight that does the same route at a
certain time in a week, or do these flights only have the same aircraft type?
So for the given example, the flight that departs every monday at 9:55 from
Brussels to Edinburgh, is it done by the same aircraft (with a certain serial
number) every time or is it just done by the same aircraft type every time?

A: Certainly, for a given route it will not be the case that the exact same
aircraft will service the route. Sometimes planes need to be serviced, so
others will take their place. I don't think your system needs to keep track of
individual planes.

Generally, a route will be serviced by the same type of aircraft. But this
will not always be the case. To make planning easier, an airline company will
use the same type of plane (or same actual plane) for a given route for an
extended period of time, but this will change over time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Q: Do we need to take code-share flights into account? These are flights where
two or more airline companies share the same physical plane, but both sell
tickets on it. The actual flight is operated by one of the two airline
companies, but the tickets can be sold by either and the flight has multiple
codes, one for each airline company selling tickets for it.

A: This factor can be ignored.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Does the domain include any logic surrounding the pricing of airline
tickets? As far as we can tell, the assignment is to populate a database with
airline information, purely scheduling information. Does that include pricing?
Because if it does, wouldn't the database constantly need to be changed
because plane ticket prices change on a nearly weekly basis depending on the
time of the year. Is it a good idea to assume that pricing is done by the
airline itself when it is contacted about the pricings of a trip selected by
someone using the database?

A: Pricing information must also be included.

The key to pricing is to introduce some kind of seat codes. Each seat has a
code. Each code has a price. Then the airlines can assign different codes to
flights at different times of the year. The airline can change the price
associated with the codes.

You can assume that these do NOT change dynamically after they have been
specified. Thus all prices are predetermined in advance (say, for a year), but
the airlines have the flexibility to specify how they want do specify the
pricing. For most weeks, the prices will be the same. There may be some busy
periods, and some non-busy periods. For those periods, the prices will change.

Note that if you have designed an alternative approach that gives
approximately the same amount of flexibility, then this is also okay.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Ah, okay. That makes it a lot more clear. Does this means that booking
information in the form of physical flights and how many seats are remaining
on that flight must also be retained in the database?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q: Should it be possible to overbook flights? Is it necessary to provide the
possibilty to fetch prices "until the end of time" (i.e. suppose I (as a
customer) want to ask for the price of a certain flight (ignoring any
difference in seat type) in the year 10000)? If this is the case are those
prices fixed or subject to change ? Furthermore we were wondering if every
seat should have its own price or whether every seat type should have a price?

A: You may safely ignore overbooking of flights.

Flight details are only available one year in advance. Prices will be fixed
for that period, but may change there after.

Every seat should have a type. The type (and possibly other factors, such as
time of year) determine the price. Essentially, you use seat type as a proxy
for the price. A seat type will represent a group of seats and all seats in
that group (for a given flight) will have the same price.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q:

* Are we populating the whole database in one go, or is the DSL used to
  incrementally add new flights to the database, making use of data already
  stored in the database? Take for instance the airports, cities, countries,
  airplane models, etc., can we assume that they are already present in the
  database, or should our DSL populate them too?

* Are there any flights that recur on a basis other than a weekly one,like for
  instance once every two weeks, only on December 24th, or every second
  Thursday of the month, etc.?

* Should we store the airplane model manufacturers too?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q:

* At the moment we included seat specific pricing information in our domain
  model (and current syntax). Is it necessary to provide the possibility to
  actually book seats?

* Is it necessary to provide syntax for retrieving data from the database?

* Should we develop an interactive console application (i.e. can we prompt the
  user for additional information in case of ambiguous input ?) or a more
  scripting like language (e.g. sql)?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
